How many rings are on the Olympic flag?
What is the name of the largest ocean on earth?
The gemstone ruby is typically what color?
Who is the first President of the United States of America?
What is the number of squares on a chess board?
What day is Cinco de Mayo?
Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of what? 
How many keys are there on a standard full-sized piano?
What is the name of the pigment that makes leaves green?
Which language is the most spoken language in the world?
In the film "Finding Nemo", what type of fish is Nemo?
The Roman Numeral XXIV is what number?
Which of the following is the next prime number after 23?
In the 2010 film "The Social Network," Mark Zuckerberg creates what ultimately becomes Facebook while at which university?
What is Buzz Lightyear's famous catchphrase from the 1995 film "Toy Story"?
What is the name of cartoon character Charlie Brown's dog?
Which of the following is not a product of Apple?
Who recorded the international hit single "Poker Face" in 2008?
How many sides does a decagon have?
Which of the following are not characters in the book/film Harry Potter?
What is the largest state in the USA?
Which of the answers is a citric fruit?
What is (5+2) * 3 - 1?
Which of the following can you not get at McDonalds?
What is the derivative of 31.63906846^9?
What is the capital of Washington?
What is the capitol of Maine?
What is the capitol of Maryland?
What is the capitol of China?
How many primes are there in the first 20 integers?
How many diagonals can be drawn in a regular pentagon?
How many seconds are there in 1 hour?
How many white stripes are there on the American Flag?
What is Bruce Wayne's heroic identity?
What color is Shrek?
F = ma is as known as?
What do you call an animal that eats both plants and animals?
What leaf appears on the Canadian flag?
What is the largest internal organ in the human body?
How often are brain cells replaced?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
What color is typically the yield sign?
Which planet is known as the red planet?
How many months have 31 days?
How many colors are there in a rainbow? 
What's the hardest rock?
Hypsiphobia is the fear of what?
Meaning 'mist' in Latin, what is the interstellar cloud of dust, hydrogen gas and plasma that is the first stage of a star's cycle? 
Luciferins are a class of biological pigments found in organisms that make them capable of what?
What food group has the highest levels of protein?
Which of the following ingredients are bad for your health?
Fiber should be an important part of your diet. Which of the foods below does not contain fiber?
Refined sugar increases your risk for which of the following?
What source of protein should you eat the least of?
Your body needs fat to be healthy. But which type of fat should be avoided at all costs?
Which was the first Harry Potter film?
What disease has become the world’s most deadly infectious disease?
Carbon monoxide gas kills by?
Divide 50 by half and add 40.
Pepsico has acquired which American food and drink company recently, which Coca Cola had also bid for but rejected by its board?
What is the most common blood type?
Who became the first woman to head a Fortune 500 company (The Washington Post) after her husband’s death?
What does SMS stand for in the communications industry?
Who, among the following, is the President of the World Bank?
Which of the following credit card issuers has recently been acquired by HSBC?
What is ‘Red Hat’?
Which company uses the punch line “Applying thought”?
How do we better know the company J.W.Foster and Co.?
Launched in 1935 as a chocolate crisp, it was later renamed after an 18th century LondonClub. Name the product.
In the movie ‘Forrest Gump’, Tom Hanks is frequently shown drinking a particular drink. Which one?
In the Internet lingo, if someone advised you to 'RTFM', what is he telling you to do?
Why did Intel call the successor to the 486 Processor series "Pentium", instead of using a combination of digits as they had always done?
Who is a 404?
What is a program that is disguised as useful software but which actually crashes your hard-disk called?
Which animal is the largest member of the Pig family?
In which country did the 18th century Battle of Minden take place?
In which Italian city is the Accademia art gallery?
Explorer Robert Peary who died on the 20th February 1920 is generally thought to have been the first man to reach where?
Which of these signs of the Zodiac is an air sign?
In Greek mythology which of these Gods was lame?
Which of these words does not have the same meaning as "bawdy"?
The katipo spider is the only poisonous creature native to which country?
Which country was once invaded by the USA in "Operation Just Cuase"?
What did the staff of the London Hyde Park Hotel thoughtfully do each day for Mahatma What did Gandhi do during his stay on a visit to England?
What name is given to the writing point of a pen?
In Greek mythology, which one of Hercules "Labours" was guarded by a dragon named Ladon?
Which composer did Tchaikovsky refer to in his diary as being a "giftless bastard"?
Which of these words does not have the same meaning as "zest"?
In which sport might you play a "draw and dump"?
During the Second World War which city was besieged by German troops for over 900 days?
What type of creature is a "lanner"?
What does the sea urchin walk on?
What is the name of the annoying paper clip in Microsoft office?
In which country was singer Christina Aguilera born. 
Which country spends the most money on ketchup (tomato sauce) each year per capita?
Despite its large teeth, crocodiles do not do what?
How fast does rain fall? 
Who developed quantum theory?